 
Findings:  
 
 
 
Bilateral pleural effusion with bil LL atelectasis 
 
Lobulated contour of liver compatible with liver cirrhosis.  
 
Multiple early enhancement and early washout nodular masses with coincidental small cystic components in bil lobar liver, up to 5.6 cm in S8 liver, suspected HCCs combined with microabscess. 
 
s/p splenectomy with splenosis 
 
Focal A-P shunts over bilobar liver. 
 
Patency of portal vein.  
 
No definite biliary dilatation.  
 
No fluid collection in abdomen.  
 
No definite adrenal nodule.  
 
Normal function and contour of both kidneys.  
 
Patency of bilateral ureters.  
 
Bilateral renal cysts, the biggest on the left with size of 2.1 cm .  
 
No definite bony destruction.  
 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT.  
 
 
 
IMP: * Liver cirrhosis s/p splenectomy with splenosis 
 
     * Multiple early enhancement and early washout nodular masses with coincidental small cystic components in bil lobar liver, up to 5.6 cm in S8 liver, suspected HCCs combined with microabscess? 
 
     * Bilateral pleural effusion with bil LL atelectasis 
 
 
 
Tentative imaging staging (Not pathology proven yet)  
 
 
 
●Imaging Report Form for Hepatocellua Carcinoma (AJCC 7th Edition) 
 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
 
    Number: ○1 ○2 ○3 ●Multiple: 
 
    Location:  □  
 
2.Tumor Size:  
 
    ●Measurable: 5.6 cm (the largest tumor) 
 
    ○Non-measurable 
 
3.Tumor Characteristics and Associated Liver Features 
 
    ○Vascular invasion  
 
    ○Extrahepatic spread  
 
    ○Ascites  
 
    ○Portal vein thrombosis, location  
 
    ○Portosystemic collateral vessel 
 
    ●Typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out) 
 
3.Pathology: ○Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 
 Tx    ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed  
 
 T0    ○No primary tumor  
 
Stage I 
 
 T1    ○Solitary tumor without vascular invasion  
 
Stage II 
 
 T2    ○Solitary tumor with vascular invasion 
 
       ○Multiple tumors none more than 5 cm 
 
Stage III 
 
 A T3a ●Multiple tumors more than 5 cm  
 
 B T3b ○Single tumor or multiple tumors of any size 
 
       involving a major branch of the portal vein or 
 
       hepatic vein  
 
 C T4  ○Tumor(s) with direct invasion of IVC, biliary trees, adjacent 
 
       organs other than the gallbladder or with 
 
       perforation of visceral peritoneum.  
 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
 
 Nx    ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed  
 
 N0    ○No regional lymph nodes 
 
Stage IVA 
 
 N1    ○Regional lymph node metastasis  
 
        ○Periceliac, ○Hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein and cystic duct) ○Peripancreatic ○Paraaortic ○Portocaval ○Retrocaval ○Others_______  
 
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)---------------------- 
 
Stage IVB 
 
 M1    ○Distant metastasis 
 
○ Invasion of gallbladder 
 
○ Cardiophrenic, Mesenteric, Retrocrural LN 
 
Imaging stage   T3a N0 ( in this study) 
 