CT of liver without & with contrast enhancement triphasic scans shows:  
Bilateral pleural effusion with ascotes  
Infiltration in right lower lung field   
12.2cm tumor over S4-5  liver and with tumor throbus inside the right anterior portal vein 
Tumor invasion adn with thrombus inside the S5 HV 
Another low density tumor over S4 liver (1.13cm) 
Splenomegaly   
No definite space-occupying lesion in the spleen and pancreas.  
No hydronephrosis  
Patency of bil. ureter(s). 
One right complex mass adnexal mass (9cm) with some hyperdense content 
Prominent left ovary (3.5cm) with some cysts 
IUD in the pelvic cavity  . 
 
IMP: 
1. One right complex mass adnexal mass (9cm)   
2. Prominent left ovary (3.5cm) with some cysts, tumor? 
3. Tumor over S4 and S4-5 liver with tumor thrombus inside the right anterior portal vein 
 and S5 HV 
 
 
Staging after pathology 
●Imaging Report Form for Ovarian, Fallopian tube, and Primary Peritoneal Carcinoma(AJCC 8th Edition) 
1. Tumor Location 
● Right ○ Left ○ Bilateral ○ Difficult to determine 
2. Tumor Size:  
○Measurable: ___9__cm (greatest dimension)  
○Non-measurable 
3. Content: ○Cystic ●Solid ○Mixed cystic and solid 
4. Pathology:  ○Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)--------------------------- 
TX   ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed 
T0   ○No evidence of primary tumor 
T1   Tumor limited to ovaries (1 or both) or fallopian tube(s) 
T1a   ○Tumor limited to 1 ovary(capsule intact) or fallopian tube, no tumor on ovarian or fallopian tube surface; no malignant cells in ascites or peritoneal washings 
T1b   ○Tumor limited to both ovaries(capsules intact) or fallopian tubes, no tumor on ovarian or fallopian tubes surface; no malignant cells in ascites or peritoneal washings 
T1c   ○Tumor limited to 1 or both ovaries or fallopian tubes,with any of the following:  
T1c1  ○Surgical spill 
T1c2  ○Capsule ruptured before surgery or tumor on ovarian or fallopian tube surface 
T1c3  ○Malignant cells in ascites or peritoneal washings 
T2   Tumor involves 1 or both ovaries or fallopian tubeswith pelvic extension below pelvic brim or primary peritoneal cancer 
T2a   ○Extension &/or implants on uterus &/or fallopian tubes &/or ovaries 
T2b   ○Extension to &/or implants on other pelvic tissues 
T3    ●Tumor involves 1 or both ovaries or fallopian tubes or primary peritoneal cancer, with microscopically confirmed peritoneal metastasis outside the pelvic &/or metastasis to the retroperitoneal (pelvic &/or para-aortic) lymph nodes 
T3a○Microscopic extrapelvic (above the pelvic brim) peritoneal involvement with or without positive retroperitoneal lymph nodes 
T3b   ○Macroscopic peritoneal metastasis beyond pelvis 2 cm or less in greatest dimension with or without metastasis to the retroperitoneal lymph nodes 
T3c   ○Macroscopic peritoneal metastasis beyond the pelvis more than 2 cm in greatest dimension with or without metastasis to the retroperitoneal lymph nodes(includes extension of tumor to capsule of liver and spleen without parenchymal involvement of either organ) 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
NX   ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed 
N0   ●No regional lymph node metastasis 
N1   ○Positive retroperitoneal lymph nodes only(histologically confirmed) 
N1a ○Metastasis up to and including 10mm in greatest dimension 
N1b ○Metastasis more than 10mm in greatest dimension  
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)----------------------- 
M0--No distant metastasis 
M1-- Distant metastasis 
M1a--Pleural effusion with positive cytology 
M1b--Liver or splenic parenchymal metastasis; metastasis to extra-abdominal organs (including inguinal lymph nodes and lymph nodes outside the abdominal cavity); and transmural involvement of intestine  
 
Imaging stage:   T3 N0 M1(in this study) 
 
 