    Report: No previous triphasic liver CT study performed in our hospital was available to compare. 
 
Liver CT without and with IV enhancement triphasic scans studies 
 
Techniques: [Total image number:324][this study is not optimal for evaluation of abdominal hallow organs; mucoal lesion of GI tract cannot be well evaluated in routine abdominal CT study due to difficulty in optimal preparation of the whole GI tract; scopy or barium study may be better modalities.] 
 
 From lower chest to liver inferior edge in 5-mm contiguous section  
 
 Contrast agent -100ml of contrast medium injected at 2ml/sec, 30 sec after initiation of injection, starting arterial phase scan; portal phase scan performed in 20 sec after the end of the arterial phase scan; and venous phase scan began in 20 sec after the end of the portal phase scan and scanning from lower chest to pelvis level. 
 
Findings: 
 
Numerous nodular lesions with high densities in non-enhanced images; no obvious early wash out in venous images, favor regenerative and/or dysplastic nodules. 
 
Lobulated contour of liver compatible with liver cirrhosis  . 
 
Patent portal vein, no evident thrombosis was noted  
 
Pneumobilia   
 
Gallbladder stones; collapsed gallbladder; no wall thickening of gallbladder nor pericholecystic fluid accumulation  
 
One early enhanced S5 nodule (2.1cm) with early wash-out pattern; favoring HCC 
 
One S5 nodule (1.5cm) with early wash-out pattern; DDx: well-differentiated HCC or dysplastic nodule 
 
Splenic cyst (2.9cm) 
 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
 
No hydronephrosis  . 
 
Bilateral renal cysts 
 
No abnormal fluid collection in the abdomen  . 
 
Focal collaspe or annular lesion at the visualized  colon . 
 
 
 
IMP:(1)liver cirrhosis; S5 HCCs (2)GB stones;Pneumobilia   
 
***IF Pathology IS Not AVAILABLE, THE FOLLOWING IS TENTATIVE STAGING*** 
 
●TNM for Hepatocellua Carcinoma (AJCC 7th Edition) 
 
1.Tumor Location: S5 
 
2.Tumor Size: 2.1cm 
 
3.Pathology: ●Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)------------------- 
 
 Tx    ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed □ 
 
 T0    ○No primary tumor □ 
 
Stage I 
 
 T1    ○Solitary tumor without vascular invasion □ 
 
Stage II 
 
 T2    ○Solitary tumor with vascular invasion 
 
       ●Multiple tumors none more than 5 cm 
 
 
 
Stage III 
 
 A T3a ○Multiple tumors more than 5 cm □ 
 
 B T3b ○Single tumor or multiple tumors of any size 
 
       involving a major branch of the portal vein or 
 
       hepatic vein □ 
 
 C T4  ○Tumor(s) with direct invasion of adjacent 
 
       organs other than the gallbladder or with 
 
       perforation of visceral peritoneum. □ 
 
 
 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
 
 Nx    ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed □ 
 
 N0    ●No regional lymph nodes □ 
 
Stage IVA 
 
 N1    ○Regional lymph node metastasis □ 
 
 
 
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)------------------- 
 
 M0    ●No distant metastasis□ 
 
Stage IVB 
 
 M1    ○Distant metastasis□ 
 
 
 
Imaging stage   T2 N0 M0(in this study) 
 