T of the liver with pre-contrast & triphasic contrast enhancement studies show:   
Techniques:  
From lower chest to lower pelvis in 5-mm contiguous section for preenhanced CT 
From lower chest to lower pelvis in 5-mm contiguous section for enhanced CT (liver with arterial,  
portal and late phases) 
Coronal reconstructions are also done 
 
Findings: 
s/p left mastectomy  
No definite pulmonary nodule in visual lung field. 
No definite space occupying lesion in the spleen and pancreas. 
Lobulated contour of liver, compatible with liver cirrhosis.  
splenomegaly. 
An ill defined heterogenous enhancing mass (5x5.4x4.1 cm) at S4 central liver result in bil. dilated biliary tree and possible invasion of the left portal vein. 
Gallstone without apparent inflammatory change of GB   
Patency of main portal vein   
No definite hydronephrosis. 
Two 2 cm and 1.4 cm fatty nodules in the right kidney, consider AMLs. 
Bilateral renal cysts  
Focal parenchymal thinning and adhered to the left abdominal wall, due to post op change or inflammation? 
No definite adrenal mass. 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
No abnormal fluid collection or free air in the abdomen  . 
No apparent bone destruction. 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT. 
Degenerative change of the TL spine with spur formation   
Compression fracture of T12 
 
IMP: 
1. An ill defined heterogenous enhancing mass (5x5.4x4.1 cm) at S4 central liver result in bil. dilated biliary tree and possible invasion of the left portal vein, worrisome for cholangiocarcinoma (mostly likely), or other liver tumor. 
 
Tentative staging until pathology proof otherwise.  
●Imaging Report Form for perihilar bile ducts tumor (AJCC 8th Edition) 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
    Location:  S4 
2.Tumor Size:  
   ○Measurable:5x5.4x4.1  cm (the largest tumor) 
   ○Non-measurable 
3.Pathology: ●Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 Tx    ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed 
 T0    ○No primary tumor 
Stage 0 
 Tis    ○Carcinoma in situ 
Stage I 
 T1    ○Tumor confined to the bile duct, with extension up to the muscle layer or fibrous tissue 
Stage II 
 T2a   ○Tumor invades beyond the wall of the bile duct to surrounding adipose tissue 
 T2b   ○Tumor invades adjacent hepatic parenchyma 
Stage IIIA 
 T3    ○Tumor invades unilateral branches of the portal vein or hepatic artery 
Stage IVA (T4 N0-N1) 
 T4    ●Tumor invades main portal vein or its branches bilaterally; or the common hepatic artery; or the second-order biliary radicals bilaterally; or unilateral 
second-order biliary radicals with contralateral portal vein or hepatic artery involvement 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
 Nx    ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed 
 N0    ●No regional lymph nodes □ 
Stage IIIB (T1-3 N1 M0) 
 N1    ○One to three positive lymph nodes typically involving the hialr, cystic duct, common bile duct, hepatic artery, posterior pancreatoduodenal, and portal vein lymph nodes 
Stage IVB 
 N2    ○ Four or more positive lymph nodes from the sites described for N1  
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)--------------------- 
 M0   ●No distant metastasis (no pathologic M0; use clinical M to complete stage group) 
Stage IVB 
 M1   ○Distant metastasis□ 
Imaging stage   T4 N0M0 ( in this study) 
 