Imaging findings:  
 
 
 
No definite pulmonary nodule noted in visualized field.  
 
Poorly defined hypodense infiltrating tumor (6.3x5.5 cm) in LLS liver with dilatation of left IHDs and invasion of LPV. 
 
Subhepatic soft tissue masses noted at gastrohepatic ligament and periportal regions, suspicious metastatic LNs 
 
No definite focal mass in pancreas and spleen.  
 
Unremarkable gallbladder without stone.  
 
Patency of RPV and MPV.  
 
Multiple hepatic cysts in the both lobes   
 
No definite adrenal nodule.  
 
No obvious space occupying lesion noted in the spleen, pancreas and both kidneys  
 
No hydronephrosis or hydroureter noted  
 
No definite retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.  
 
No definite pneumoperitoneum or peritoneal fluid collection noted  
 
Multiple calcified spots at the peritoneal cavity  
 
A 7.4 cm omental vental hernia at the lower abdomen 
 
Multiple diverticula in the thick-walled urinary bladder  
 
No obvious bony destruction detected   
 
 
 
Impression:  
 
* A 7.4 cm omental vental hernia at the lower abdomen. 
 
* Multiple diverticula in the thick-walled urinary bladder, suspicious chronic cystitis or bladder tumor. 
 
* LLS liver infiltrating tumor with invasion of LPV and left IHDs, encasing common hepatic artery. 
 
* Subhepatic soft tissue masses noted at gastrohepatic ligament and periportal regions, suspicious metastatic LNs 
 
 
 
 
 
●Imaging Report Form for distal bile duct tumor (AJCC 7th Edition) 
 
 
 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
 
   Location:  LLS  
 
2.Tumor Size:  
 
   ○Measurable:  cm (the largest tumor) 
 
   ●Non-measurable 
 
3.Pathology: ○Not available ●Available (Pathology type:cholangioCA) 
 
 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 
 Tx    ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed  
 
 T0    ○No evidence of primary tumor  
 
Stage 0 
 
 Tis   ○Carcinoma in situ 
 
Stage IA 
 
 T1    ○Tumor confined to the bile duct histologically 
 
Stage IB 
 
 T2    ○Tumor invades beyond the wall of the bile duct 
 
Stage IIA 
 
 T3  ○Tumor invades the gallbladder, pancreas, duodenum or other adjacent organs without involvement of the celiac axis, or the superior mesenteric artery 
 
Stage III (T4 AnyN) 
 
 T4  ●Tumor involves the celiac axis, or the superior mesenteric artery 
 
  
 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
 
 Nx    ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed  
 
 N0    ○No regional lymph node metastasis 
 
Stage IIB (T1-T3 N1 M0) 
 
 N1    ●Regional lymph node metastasis  
 
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)---------------------- 
 
 M0    ○No distant metastasis (no pathologic M0; use clinical M to complete stage group) 
 
Stage IV 
 
 M1    ○Distant metastasis 
 
 
 
Imaging stage   T4 N1 ( in this study) 