ct of liver  without & with contrast enhancement and with cta shows:
  
techniques: 
from lower chest to upper abdomen in 1-mm contiguous section with 
reconstruction of 5mm
contrast agent 120ml of contrast medium  at 2.5-3ml/sec. scanning was 
under the control of the bolus tracting  that  including the arterial, 
portal and venous phase. reconstruction vascular images are performed 
according to the pathway of the hepatic artery, portal vein and 
inferior vena cava.
  
findings:
lobulated contour of liver compatible with liver cirrhosis  .
s/p tae of multiple hccs in right lobe liver with lipidol stasis
thrombosis of rapv with thrombus extends to distal mpv, small caliber
 of rppv
patent lpv
several focal early enhance area in right lobe liver with isodensity
 during portal phase, favor focal ap shuntings
splenomegaly
no definite space occupying lesion in the pancreas and spleen .
gallstones, mild dilatation of cbd=9mm and bil. ihds
no definite obstructive uropathy  .
renal cysts
no definite enlargement of retroperitoneal lns  .
no abnormal fluid collection in the abdomen  .
the volumetric of right and left lobe liver is 471cm3 and 931cm3 respectively

imp:
1.liver cirrhosis and splenomegaly
2.thrombosis of rapv with thrombus extends to distal mpv, small caliber
 of rppv
3.several focal early enhance area in right lobe liver with isodensity
 during portal phase, favor focal ap shuntings
4.gallstones, mild dilatation of cbd=9mm and bil. ihds

¡´imaging report form for hepatocellua carcinoma (ajcc 7th edition)
1.tumor number/location: 
    number: ¡³1 ¡³2 ¡³3 ¡´multiple:
    location: right lobe 
2.tumor size: 
    ¡³measurable:  cm (the largest tumor)
    ¡´non-measurable
3.tumor characteristics and associated liver features
    ¡³vascular invasion 
    ¡³extrahepatic spread 
    ¡³ascites 
    ¡´portal vein thrombosis, location 
    ¡³portosystemic collateral vessel
    ¡³typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out)
3.pathology: ¡³not available ¡´available 
(pathology type:hepatocellular carcinoma, poorly differentiated )

-------------------primary tumor(t)--------------------------
 tx    ¡³primary tumor cannot be assessed 
 t0    ¡³no primary tumor 
stage i
 t1    ¡³solitary tumor without vascular invasion 
stage ii
 t2    ¡³solitary tumor with vascular invasion
       ¡³multiple tumors none more than 5 cm
stage iii
 a t3a ¡³multiple tumors more than 5 cm 
 b t3b ¡´single tumor or multiple tumors of any size
       involving a major branch of the portal vein or
       hepatic vein 
 c t4  ¡³tumor(s) with direct invasion of ivc, biliary trees, adjacent
       organs other than the gallbladder or with
       perforation of visceral peritoneum. 
-------------------regional lymph nodes(n)-----------------
 nx    ¡³regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed 
 n0    ¡´no regional lymph nodes
stage iva
 n1    ¡³regional lymph node metastasis 
        ¡³periceliac, ¡³hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein 
and cystic duct) ¡³peripancreatic ¡³paraaortic ¡³portocaval ¡³retrocaval ¡³other
s_______ 
-------------------distant metastasis(m)----------------------
stage ivb
 m1    ¡³distant metastasis
¡³	invasion of gallbladder
¡³	cardiophrenic, mesenteric, retrocrural ln
imaging stage   t3b n0( in this study)