Computed Tomography of Liver With and Without Enhancement Show: 
 
Lobulated contour of liver compatible with liver cirrhosis 
Mulitple tiny cyst over the liver 
No enhanced tumor over the liver 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
No definite biliary dilatation  . 
No definite obstructive uropathy  . 
No abnormal fluid collection in the abdomen  . 
Patency of the portal vein and with normal spleen 
Findings: 
 
No definite pulmonary nodule in visual field. 
 
Lobulated and uneven contour of liver is compatible with liver cirrhosis 
 
Presence of portal hypertension with prominent collaterals. 
 
Splenomegaly  
 
Multiple cysts in both lobes liver, the largest one about 2.7cm in S5 liver 
 
A 0.7 cm early enhancing nodule in S5 liver, suspecting HCC. 
 
Partial thrombosis of main portal vein extending from splenomesenteric junction to umbilical portion and right portal vein 
 
No definite space occupying lesion in the spleen and pancreas. 
 
Splenomegaly 
 
Right renal cyst with size about 3cm 
 
Normal function of bil. kidneys and no definite obstructive uropathy. 
 
Left renal stone and relative small left kidney 
 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs 
 
Ascites. 
 
NO definite bone destruction 
 
 
 
IMP: 
 
1. Liver cirrhosis with splenomegaly and prominent collaterals 
 
2. Suspecting a 0.7 cm HCC in S5 liver, tentative staging T1N0 
 
3. Partial thrombosis of main portal vein extending from splenomesenteric junction to umbilical portion and right portal vein (not related to the tumor) 
 
4. Ascites 
 
 
 
¡´Imaging Report Form for Hepatocellua Carcinoma (AJCC 7th Edition) 
 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
 
    Number: ¡´1 ¡³2 ¡³3 ¡³Multiple: 
 
    Location:  S5  
 
2.Tumor Size:  
 
    ¡´Measurable: 0.7 cm (the largest tumor) 
 
    ¡³Non-measurable 
 
3.Tumor Characteristics and Associated Liver Features 
 
    ¡³Vascular invasion  
 
    ¡³Extrahepatic spread  
 
    ¡´Ascites  
 
    ¡´Portal vein thrombosis, location  
 
    ¡´Portosystemic collateral vessel 
 
    ¡³Typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out) 
 
3.Pathology: ¡´Not available ¡³Available (Pathology type:¡¼) 
 
 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 
 Tx    ¡³Primary tumor cannot be assessed  
 
 T0    ¡³No primary tumor  
 
Stage I 
 
 T1    ¡´Solitary tumor without vascular invasion  
 
Stage II 
 
 T2    ¡³Solitary tumor with vascular invasion 
 
       ¡³Multiple tumors none more than 5 cm 
 
Stage III 
 
 A T3a ¡³Multiple tumors more than 5 cm  
 
 B T3b ¡³Single tumor or multiple tumors of any size 
 
       involving a major branch of the portal vein or 
 
       hepatic vein  
 
 C T4  ¡³Tumor(s) with direct invasion of IVC, biliary trees, adjacent 
 
       organs other than the gallbladder or with 
 
       perforation of visceral peritoneum.  
 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
 
 Nx    ¡³Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed  
 
 N0    ¡´No regional lymph nodes 
 
Stage IVA 
 
 N1    ¡³Regional lymph node metastasis  
 
        ¡³Periceliac, ¡³Hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein and cystic duct) ¡³Peripancreatic ¡³Paraaortic ¡³Portocaval ¡³Retrocaval ¡³Others_______  
 
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)---------------------- 
 
Stage IVB 
 
 M1    ¡³Distant metastasis 
 
¡³ Invasion of gallbladder 
 
¡³ Cardiophrenic, Mesenteric, Retrocrural LN 
 
IMP:  
Liver cirrhosis  . 
Mulitple tiny cyst over the liver 
No enhanced tumor over the liver 
 