Findings: 
 
 
 
No definite pulmonary nodule in visual field. 
 
Multiple hypoattenuation and poor enhancing mass at both lobes of liver, the largest one is 6.8cm at LLS liver, suspect liver metastatic tumor. 
 
No definite space occupying lesion in the spleen and pancreas. 
 
No definite biliary dilatation. 
 
Unremarkable study of gallbladder  
 
Patent MPV and branches, no evidence of thrombosis.  
 
No definite hydronephrosis. 
 
No adrental nodules 
 
Small retroperitoneal and pelvic LNs. 
 
No abnormal fluid collection or free air in the abdomen. 
 
Eccentric wall thickening with heterogenous enhancement at sigmoid colon and rectum, suspect colorectal cancer. 
 
Calcification in prostate gland. 
 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT. 
 
 
 
IMP: 
 
1. Suspect colorectal cancer with liver metastasis. 
 
 
 
●TNM for Colon Cancer (AJCC 7th Edition) 
 
1.Tumor Location: Rectum and sigmoid colon 
 
2.Tumor Size: About 6.4cm 
 
3.Pathology: ●Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
 
 
TX    ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed □ 
 
T0    ○No evidence of primary tumor □ 
 
Tis   ○Carcinoma in situ: intraepithelial or invasionof 
 
      lamina propria □ 
 
T1    ○Tumor invades submucosa □ 
 
T2    ○Tumor invades muscularis propria □ 
 
T3    ●Tumor invades through the muscularis 
 
      propria into pericolorectal tissues □ 
 
T4a   ○Tumor penetrates to the surface of the 
 
      visceral peritoneum □ 
 
T4b   ○Tumor directly invades or is adherent to other organs or structures □ 
 
 
 
NX    ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed □ 
 
N0    ○No regional lymph node metastasi □ 
 
N1    ○Metastasis in 1 to 3 regional lymph node □ 
 
  N1a ○Metastasis in 1 regional lymph node □ 
 
  N1b ●Metastasis in 2-3 regional lymph nodes □ 
 
  N1c ○Tumor deposit(s) in the subserosa, mesentery, or 
 
      non-peritonealized pericolic or perirectal tissues  
 
      without regional nodal metastasis □       
 
N2    ○Metastasis in 4 or more regional lymph nodes □ 
 
N2a   ○Metastasis in 4 to 6 regional lymph nodes □ 
 
N2b   ○Metastasis in 7 or more regional lymph nodes □ 
 
 
 
M1    ○Distant metastasis □ 
 
M1a    ●Metastasis confined to one organ or site(e.g., liver, lung, ovary, non-regional node). □ 
 
M1b    ○Metastases in more than one organ/site or the peritoneum. □ 
 
 
 
Imaging stage   T3N1bM1a (in this study)        
 
 
 