Findings: . 
 
 
 
No definite pulmonary nodule noted in visualized field.  
 
A huge hypodense nodular mass (15.6 cm) and multiple daughter nodules in right lobe of liver (one small nodule in LLS liver), multifoci of strong enhacement noed in the huge tumor, incontinuity of liver capsule with perihepatic fluid collection , highly suspected HCCs with tumor rupture. 
 
Mild dilatation of IHDs 
 
No definite regional lymphadenopathy.  
 
Occlusion of RPV. 
 
Small perihepatic fluid collection and pelvis. 
 
Tumor thromboses in RPV with near total occlusion. 
 
Patency of MPV and LPV.  
 
GB sludge and stones 
 
Normal function and contour of bil. kidney(s) 
 
Patency of bil. ureter(s). 
 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
 
Wall-thickening of non-fully expanded urinary bladder  
 
Perivesical fat is intact 
 
No enlarged lymph node in the pelvis   
 
No definite bony destruction.  
 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT.  
 
 
 
IMP: * Highly suspected multifocal HCCs with tumor rupture, ascites , RPV thrombosis. 
 
     * GB sludge and stones 
 
 
 
Tentative imaging staging (Not pathology proven yet)  
 
 
 
●Imaging Report Form for Hepatocellua Carcinoma (AJCC 7th Edition) 
 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
 
    Number: ○1 ○2 ○3 ●Multiple: 
 
    Location:  □  
 
2.Tumor Size:  
 
    ●Measurable: 15.6 cm (the largest tumor) 
 
    ○Non-measurable 
 
3.Tumor Characteristics and Associated Liver Features 
 
    ●Vascular invasion  
 
    ○Extrahepatic spread  
 
    ●Ascites  
 
    ●Portal vein thrombosis, RPV  
 
    ○Portosystemic collateral vessel 
 
    ○Typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out) 
 
3.Pathology: ●Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 
 Tx    ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed  
 
 T0    ○No primary tumor  
 
Stage I 
 
 T1    ○Solitary tumor without vascular invasion  
 
Stage II 
 
 T2    ○Solitary tumor with vascular invasion 
 
       ○Multiple tumors none more than 5 cm 
 
Stage III 
 
 A T3a ○Multiple tumors more than 5 cm  
 
 B T3b ○Single tumor or multiple tumors of any size 
 
       involving a major branch of the portal vein or 
 
       hepatic vein  
 
 C T4  ●Tumor(s) with direct invasion of IVC, biliary trees, adjacent 
 
       organs other than the gallbladder or with 
 
       perforation of visceral peritoneum.  
 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
 
 Nx    ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed  
 
 N0    ●No regional lymph nodes 
 
Stage IVA 
 
 N1    ○Regional lymph node metastasis  
 
        ○Periceliac, ○Hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein and cystic duct) ○Peripancreatic ○Paraaortic ○Portocaval ○Retrocaval ○Others_______  
 
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)---------------------- 
 
Stage IVB 
 
 M1    ○Distant metastasis 
 
○ Invasion of gallbladder 
 
○ Cardiophrenic, Mesenteric, Retrocrural LN 
 
Imaging stage   T4 N0 ( in this study) 