cno previous triphasic liver ct study performed in our hospital was available to
   compare in the picture archiving and communication system (pacs).
  liver ct without and with iv enhancement triphasic scans studies
  techniques: [total image number:365][this study is not optimal for evaluation of
   abdominal hallow organs; mucoal lesion of gi tract cannot be well evaluated in 
  routine abdominal ct study due to difficulty in optimal preparation of the whole
   gi tract; scopy or barium study may be better modalities.]
   from lower chest to liver inferior edge in 5-mm contiguous section 
   contrast agent -(body weight+20)ml of contrast medium injected at 2ml/sec, 30 
  sec after initiation of injection, starting arterial phase scan; portal phase 
  scan performed in 20 sec after the end of the arterial phase scan; and venous 
  phase scan began in 20 sec after the end of the portal phase scan and scanning 
  from lower chest to pelvis level.
  findings:
  one huge right hepatic mass (about 212x145mm) with early enhancement in late 
  artery phase with early wash-out; consistent with hepatocellular carcinomas
   changes
  encasement of right hepatic vein and distal right superior andinferior portal
   vein
  patent left and main portal vein
  the gallbladder is not well distended with suspecting focal wall thickening of 
  gallbladder fundus
  small retroperitoneal  region(s) lns
  no hydronephrosis,  
  left adrenal nodules (14mm); nature to be determined.
  left reteroperitoneal mass (about 31mm, with mild enhancment) over suprarenal 
  region; nature to be determined.
  renal cyst(s), bilateral .
  no abnormal fluid collection in the abdomen  .
  focal collaspe at the visualized  colon; colonic annular lesion(s) can not be 
  excluded by the examination.
  no definite pneumoperitoneum is seen.  
  
  imp:[1]huge right liver mass; suspecting hcc [2]left adrenal nodules (14mm); 
  left reteroperitoneal mass over suprarenal region; nature to be determined.
  
  ¡´imaging report form for hepatocellua carcinoma (ajcc 7th edition)
  1.tumor number/location: 
      number: ¡´1 ¡³2 ¡³3 ¡³multiple:
      location:  ¡¼ 
  2.tumor size: 
      ¡³measurable: 21.2 cm (the largest tumor)
      ¡³non-measurable
  3.tumor characteristics and associated liver features
      ¡³vascular invasion 
      ¡³extrahepatic spread 
      ¡³ascites 
      ¡³portal vein thrombosis, location 
      ¡³portosystemic collateral vessel
      ¡´typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out)
  3.pathology: ¡´not available ¡³available (pathology type:¡¼)
  
  -------------------primary tumor(t)--------------------------
   tx    ¡³primary tumor cannot be assessed 
   t0    ¡³no primary tumor 
  stage i
   t1    ¡³solitary tumor without vascular invasion 
  stage ii
   t2    ¡³solitary tumor with vascular invasion
         ¡³multiple tumors none more than 5 cm
  stage iii
   a t3a ¡³multiple tumors more than 5 cm 
   b t3b ¡´single tumor or multiple tumors of any size
         involving a major branch of the portal vein or
         hepatic vein 
   c t4  ¡³tumor(s) with direct invasion of ivc, biliary trees, adjacent
         organs other than the gallbladder or with
         perforation of visceral peritoneum. 
  -------------------regional lymph nodes(n)-----------------
   nx    ¡³regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed 
   n0    ¡´no regional lymph nodes
  stage iva
   n1    ¡³regional lymph node metastasis 
          ¡³periceliac, ¡³hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein 
  and cystic duct) ¡³peripancreatic ¡³paraaortic ¡³portocaval ¡³retrocaval ¡³other
  s_______ 
  -------------------distant metastasis(m)----------------------
  stage ivb
   m1    ¡³distant metastasis
  ¡³	invasion of gallbladder
  ¡³	cardiophrenic, mesenteric, retrocrural ln
  imaging stage   t3b n0( in this study)