Findings:  
 
Mild pulmonary infiltration in bilateral lower lungs.  
Lobulated contour of liver compatible with liver cirrhosis.  
Hepatic cyst at S8 liver (1.4 cm)  
Mild dilatation of bil IHDs. 
No definite focal mass in pancreas and spleen.  
Patency of portal vein.  
A 2.5 cm poorly defined hypodense nodular mass in S4-8 liver, maybe due to liver metastasis 
Ascites with extensive nodular infiltrating the greater omentum, omental caking suggestive of peritoneal carcinomatosis. 
Diffuse atherosclerotic change of visualized vessels .  
Multiple enhancing lobulated mixed cystic and solid masses over bilateral adnexal regions (Rt 8.3x6.4 cm & 10.0x5.1 cm; Lt 7.0x6.4 cm), favoring ovarian cancer. 
Normal function and contour of both kidneys.  
Patency of bilateral ureters.  
No definite retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.  
No definite bony destruction.  
Degenerative change of thoracic and lumbar spine with spurs formation.  
 
IMP:  
* Highly suspected ovarian cancers (bilateral?) with peritoneal carcinomatosis and liver metastasis. 
* Mild dilatation of IHDs. 
 
Tentative imaging staging (Not pathology proven yet)  
 
 
●Imaging Report Form for Ovarian, Fallopian tube, and Primary Peritoneal Carcinoma(AJCC 8th Edition) 
1. Tumor Location 
○ Right ○ Left ● Bilateral ○ Difficult to determine 
2. Tumor Size:  
●Measurable: ____10__cm (greatest dimension)  
○Non-measurable 
3. Content: ○Cystic ○Solid ○Mixed cystic and solid 
4. Pathology:  ○Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)--------------------------- 
TX   ○Primary tumor cannot be assessed 
 
T3    Tumor involves 1 or both ovaries or fallopian tubes or primary peritoneal cancer, with microscopically confirmed peritoneal metastasis outside the pelvic &/or metastasis to the retroperitoneal (pelvic &/or para-aortic) lymph nodes 
T3a○Microscopic extrapelvic (above the pelvic brim) peritoneal involvement with or without positive retroperitoneal lymph nodes 
T3b   ○Macroscopic peritoneal metastasis beyond pelvis 2 cm or less in greatest dimension with or without metastasis to the retroperitoneal lymph nodes 
T3c   ●Macroscopic peritoneal metastasis beyond the pelvis more than 2 cm in greatest dimension with or without metastasis to the retroperitoneal lymph nodes(includes extension of tumor to capsule of liver and spleen without parenchymal involvement of either organ) 
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
NX   ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed 
N0   ○No regional lymph node metastasis 
N1   ○Positive retroperitoneal lymph nodes only(histologically confirmed) 
N1a ○Metastasis up to and including 10mm in greatest dimension 
N1b ○Metastasis more than 10mm in greatest dimension  
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)----------------------- 
M0--No distant metastasis 
M1-- Distant metastasis 
M1a--Pleural effusion with positive cytology 
M1b--●Liver or splenic parenchymal metastasis; metastasis to extra-abdominal organs (including inguinal lymph nodes and lymph nodes outside the abdominal cavity); and transmural involvement of intestine  
 
Imaging stage:   T3c Nx M1b (in this study) 
 