Findings: 
Calcification of coronary artery or s/p coronary artery stent. 
Bil. pleural effusion with passive atelectasis of bil. lung.   
Calcification of aortic valve.  
Calcification of mitral valve.  
Cardiomegaly.  
No definite space occupying lesion in the spleen and pancreas. 
A 1.7 cm cyst in S4 liver and 1.1 cm in S8 liver. 
Lobulated contour of liver, compatible with liver cirrhosis.  
splenomegaly. 
An early enhanced and washout liver mass in S7/8 (6.9x8.9x5.7 cm), suggesting hepatocellular carcinoma with rupture and hemoperitoneum; no active extravasation of constrast. 
No definite biliary dilatation  . 
Gallstone with mild distended GB and wall thickening, not regional increase stranding, chronic change?  
Patency of portal vein   
No definite hydronephrosis. 
Bilateral renal cysts 
A 2x3.1 cm fatty nodule in the right kidney, consider AML or other. 
No definite adrenal mass. 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
No abnormal free air in the abdomen  . 
No apparent bone destruction. 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT.  
s/p colostomy at left abdomen. 
resection of the rectum? 
Degenerative change of lumbar spine with spurs formation  
 
IMP: 
1. Consider hepatocellular carcinoma in S7/8 liver with rupture and hemoperitoneum; no active extravasation of constrast. 
2. Gallstone with mild distended GB and wall thickening, not regional increase stranding, chronic change?  
 
Tentative staging until pathology proof otherwise.  
●Imaging Report Form for Hepatocellua Carcinoma (AJCC 8th Edition) 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
Number: ●1 ○2 ○3 Multiple: 
Location: S78  
2.Tumor Size:  
    ●Measurable: 6.9x8.9x5.7 cm (the largest tumor) 
    ○Non-measurable 
3.Tumor Characteristics and Associated Liver Features 
    ○Vascular invasion  
    ○Extrahepatic spread  
    ●Ascites  
    ○Portal vein thrombosis, location  
    ○Portosystemic collateral vessel 
    ●Typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out) 
3.Pathology: ●Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 Tx  ○ Primary tumor cannot be assessed  
 T0  ○ No primary tumor  
Stage I 
T1   ○ Solitary tumor ≦2 cm, or 〉 2cm without vascular invasion 
T1a  Solitary tumor ≦2 cm 
T1b  Solitary tumor 〉 2cm without vascular invasion 
Stage II 
T2   ○ Solitary tumor 〉2cm with vascular invasion, or multiple tumors,none 〉5cm  
Stage III 
T3   ○Multiple tumors more than 5 cm  
T4   ●TSingle tumor or multiple tumors of any size involving a major 
branch of the portal vein or hepatic vein, or tumor(s) with direct 
invasion of adjacent organs other than the gallbladder or with 
perforation of visceral peritoneum  
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
Nx   ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed  
N0   ●No regional lymph nodes 
Stage IVA 
N1   ○Regional lymph node metastasis  
     ○Periceliac, ○Hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein and cystic duct) ○Peripancreatic ○Paraaortic ○Portocaval ○Retrocaval 
○Others_______  
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)---------------------- 
Stage IVB 
M1  ○Distant metastasis 
○ Invasion of gallbladder 
○ Cardiophrenic, Mesenteric, Retrocrural LN 
Imaging stage   T4 N0( in this study) 