Findings: 
No definite pulmonary nodule in visual field. 
Lobulated and uneven contour of liver is compatible with liver cirrhosis 
Presence of portal hypertension with prominent collaterals. 
Splenomegaly  
Multiple cysts in both lobes liver, the largest one about 2.7cm in S5 liver 
A 3cm early enhancd and washed out tumor over S4-8   
Partial thrombosis of main portal vein extending from splenomesenteric junction, SMV, umbilical portion and right portal vein 
No definite space occupying lesion in the spleen and pancreas. 
Splenomegaly 
Right renal cyst with size about 3cm 
Normal function of bil. kidneys and no definite obstructive uropathy. 
Left renal stone and relative small left kidney 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs 
Ascites. 
NO definite bone destruction 
 
IMP: 
1. Liver cirrhosis with splenomegaly and prominent collaterals 
2. HCC over S4-8 liver 
3. Partial thrombosis of main portal vein extending from splenomesenteric junction, SMV , umbilical portion and right portal vein (not related to the tumor) 
4. Ascites 
 
●Imaging Report Form for Hepatocellua Carcinoma (AJCC 8th Edition) 
1.Tumor Number/Location:  
Number: ●1 ○2 ○3 Multiple: 
Location: S4-8  
2.Tumor Size:  
    ○Measurable:  3cm (the largest tumor) 
    ○Non-measurable 
3.Tumor Characteristics and Associated Liver Features 
    ○Vascular invasion  
    ○Extrahepatic spread  
    ○Ascites  
    ○Portal vein thrombosis, location  
    ○Portosystemic collateral vessel 
    ●Typical enhancement pattern (hypervascular enhancement and early wash-out) 
3.Pathology: ●Not available ○Available (Pathology type:□) 
 
-------------------Primary Tumor(T)-------------------------- 
 Tx  ○ Primary tumor cannot be assessed  
 T0  ○ No primary tumor  
Stage I 
T1   ○ Solitary tumor ≦2 cm, or 〉 2cm without vascular invasion 
T1a  Solitary tumor ≦2 cm 
T1b  ●Solitary tumor 〉 2cm without vascular invasion 
Stage II 
T2   ○ Solitary tumor 〉2cm with vascular invasion, or multiple tumors,none 〉5cm  
Stage III 
T3   ○Multiple tumors more than 5 cm  
T4   ○TSingle tumor or multiple tumors of any size involving a major 
branch of the portal vein or hepatic vein, or tumor(s) with direct 
invasion of adjacent organs other than the gallbladder or with 
perforation of visceral peritoneum  
-------------------Regional Lymph Nodes(N)----------------- 
Nx   ○Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed  
N0   ●No regional lymph nodes 
Stage IVA 
N1   ○Regional lymph node metastasis  
     ○Periceliac, ○Hilar( common bile duct, hepatic artery, portal vein and cystic duct) ○Peripancreatic ○Paraaortic ○Portocaval ○Retrocaval 
○Others  __  
-------------------Distant Metastasis(M)---------------------- 
Stage IVB 
M1  ○Distant metastasis 
○ Invasion of gallbladder 
○ Cardiophrenic, Mesenteric, Retrocrural LN 
Imaging stage   T1b N0( in this study) 
 